docs: add IFD FAQ (#246)
catppuccin/nix: README.md

  A: We primarily support the `unstable` branch, but try our best to support the current stable release.
  You can check if your stable release is currently supported at [status.nixos.org](https://status.nixos.org/)

- Q: **"How do I fix the error: ... during evaluation because the option 'allow-import-from-derivation' is disabled"**\

>   A: Some ports require extra steps to configure those ports resulting in an [IFD](https://wiki.nixos.org/wiki/Import_From_Derivation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A: Some ports need to read and/or manipulate remote resources, resulting in Nix performing [IFD](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/2.24/language/import-from-derivation).
```

Reviewer: Just realized I recommended this URL change already...oops!

But in any case, it doesn't seem the wiki has improved on this topic and I don't think it will ever be much better than what's in the manual -- as that already provides explicit examples of functions that will caused IFD like import, readFile, etc. In the event it does, we can always replace it later; the manual link should be best for now IMO

Author: Used https://nix.dev/manual/nix/latest/language/import-from-derivation instead of hard coding the version.

  You can manually disable that port (when using `catppuccin.enable`).
  <details>

>   <summary>All IFD's</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <summary>Disable modules that use IFD/summary>
```

  ```nix

>   services = {
>     mako.catppuccin.enable = false;
>   };
>   programs = {
>     cava.catppuccin.enable = false;
>     gh-dash.catppuccin.enable = false;
>     imv.catppuccin.enable = false;
>     kitty.catppuccin.enable = false; # IFD is inside HM
>     swaylock.catppuccin.enable = false;
>   };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  programs = {
    cava.catppuccin.enable = false;
    gh-dash.catppuccin.enable = false;
    imv.catppuccin.enable = false;
    kitty.catppuccin.enable = false; # IFD is introduced by home-manager
    swaylock.catppuccin.enable = false;
  };
  
  services = {
    mako.catppuccin.enable = false;
  };
```

  A: We primarily support the `unstable` branch, but try our best to support the current stable release.
  You can check if your stable release is currently supported at [status.nixos.org](https://status.nixos.org/)

- Q: **"How do I fix the error: ... during evaluation because the option 'allow-import-from-derivation' is disabled"**\
  A: Some ports require extra steps to configure those ports resulting in an [IFD](https://wiki.nixos.org/wiki/Import_From_Derivation).
  You can manually disable that port (when using `catppuccin.enable`).
  <details>
  <summary>All IFD's</summary>

  ```nix
  services = {

>     dunst.catppuccin.enable = false;

Author: ```sug

>     dunst.catppuccin.enable = false;

Author: ```suggestion
```
Remove dunst after #302

  A: We primarily support the `unstable` branch, but try our best to support the current stable release.
  You can check if your stable release is currently supported at [status.nixos.org](https://status.nixos.org/)

- Q: **"How do I fix the error "during evaluation because the option 'allow-import-from-derivation' is disabled"**\

>   A: Some ports require extra steps to configure the theme resulting in an [IFD](https://wiki.nixos.org/wiki/Import_From_Derivation).

Author: Currently https://wiki.nixos.org/wiki/Import_From_Derivation has no extra info about this error.

Reviewer: we could link to https://nix.dev/manual/nix/latest/language/import-from-derivation.html instead

Author: Also does not provide extra info an the error, but has at least useful info instead of a blog and a dead link.

I am/was just hoping against better judgment that the official wiki will become better.

>   You can manually disable that port (when using `catppuccin.enable`).

Author: ```suggestion
  You can manually disable those ports (when using `catppuccin.enable`).
```

Author: Changed in a later commit since I forgot to do it before mirroring to doc/src/faq.md

  <details>
  <summary>All IFD's</summary>

  ```nix
  services = {
    dunst.catppuccin.enable = false;
    mako.catppuccin.enable = false;
  };
  programs = {
    cava.catppuccin.enable = false;
    foot.catppuccin.enable = false;
    gh-dash.catppuccin.enable = false;
    imv.catppuccin.enable = false;
    kitty.catppuccin.enable = false; # IFD is inside HM
    lazygit.catppuccin.enable = false;
    mpv.catppuccin.enable = false;
    swaylock.catppuccin.enable = false;
    tofi.catppuccin.enable = false;

>     zathura.catppuccin.enable = false;

Author: To be removed when #298 is merged.
